Refactor docs for the new integrations page (#2290)
grafana/oncall: docs/sources/integrations/appdynamics/index.md

The AppDynamics integration for Grafana OnCall handles health rule violation events sent from AppDynamics actions.
The integration provides grouping and auto-resolve logic via customizable alert templates.

> > You must have an [Admin role]({{< relref "user-and-team-management" >}}) to create integrations in Grafana OnCall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You must have the [role of Admin]({{< relref "user-and-team-management" >}}) to be able to create integrations in Grafana OnCall.
```

> ## Configuring Grafana OnCall to Receive Alerts from Monitoring System

Reviewer 2: "...from AppDynamics"?

1. In the **Integrations** tab, click **+ New integration**.

> 2. Select **Alertmanager Prometheus** from the list of available integrations.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Select **AppDynamics** from the list of available integrations.
```
